Added EmberFest 2021 talks (#1761)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _appearances/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/channel.md

---
title: 'EmberFest 2021'
image: '/assets/images/talks/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/logo.png'
url: https://emberfest.eu
---

> EmberFest is the European Community Ember Conference and took place in Rome,
> Italy in 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EmberFest is the European Community Ember Conference. The 2001 edition took place in Rome,
Italy.
```

Author: I guess you meant 2021 :)
